docs(replay): Update docs on public replay api methods (#11020)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/understanding-sessions.mdx

replay.startBuffering();
```

> This can be used either if both `replaysSessionSampleRate` and `replaysOnErrorSampleRate` are `0` and thus no session has been started automatically, or if you previously stopped a session and want to start a new one (see below). If a session is currently running, `start()` and `startBuffering()` are safe and have no effect. They will [log a debug message](/platforms/javascript/configuration/options/#debug) in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both `replaysSessionSampleRate` and `replaysOnErrorSampleRate` are `0`, then you'll need to manually start a session replay, as shown above. This is also useful if you previously stopped a session and want to start a new one (see below). If a session is currently running, `start()` and `startBuffering()` are safe and have no effect. They will [log a debug message](/platforms/javascript/configuration/options/#debug) in this case.
```

In `session` mode, this will upload any pending recording data to Sentry. In `buffer` mode, this will upload any pending recording data to Sentry and then continue recording, the same as when an error is sampled with `replaysOnErrorSampleRate`.

> Calling `flush()` while Session Replay is stopped will start a new session recording.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's safe to call `flush()` at any time. Calling `flush()` while Session Replay is stopped will start a new session recording.
```
Just some nits!
